Dk/sn cmdb discovery (#5387)
chef/automate: components/docs-chef-io/content/automate/servicenow_integration_reference.md

{{< figure src="/images/automate/snow_integration_transform_map_scripts1.png" alt="Transform Map Scripts">}}

## Discovery

[ServiceNow's](https://www.servicenow.com/) Discovery feature finds applications and devices on your network, and then updates the Configuration Management Database (CMDB) with the information it finds. It discovers both physical and logical components, including virtual machines, servers, storage, databases, applications, and more.

Refer to ServiceNow's [Discovery](https://docs.servicenow.com/bundle/paris-it-operations-management/page/product/discovery/reference/r-discovery.html) page for information on Discovery and its types.

### Identification and Reconciliation

The Identification and Reconciliation rules maintain the integrity of the CMDB by managing duplicate CIs and controlling updates to CIs when multiple data sources are used to create and update CI records. These rules help prevent duplication of CI records, reconcile CI attributes, reclassify CIs, and allow authoritative data sources to update CI records in the CMDB.

> Identification rules identify new CIs and existing CIs. It applies to a CI class, and it can be single or multiple with different priorities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identification rules identify new CIs and existing CIs. Identification rules apply to a  CI class and consist of a single CI identifier with one or more entries that match CIs based on related attributes or by tables of related CIs.
```

> Reconciliation is the synchronization of two or more matching database segments to ensure consistency across them. Reconciliation rules specify which discovery sources can update a table or a set of table attributes, and the precedence order among these discovery sources. You can define these rules at the parent or at the child class level. Without reconciliation rules, discovery sources are overwritten with each other's updates to attribute values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reconciliation is the synchronization of two or more matching database segments to ensure consistency across them. Reconciliation rules specify which discovery sources can update a table or a set of table attributes, and the precedence order among these discovery sources. You can define these rules at the parent or at the child class level. Without reconciliation rules, discovery sources may be overwritten by updates to attributes from other discovery sources.
```

{{< figure src="/images/automate/snow_integration_transform_map_scripts1.png" alt="Transform Map Scripts">}}

## Discovery

> [ServiceNow](https://www.servicenow.com/) Discovery feature finds applications and devices on your network, and then updates the CMDB with the information it finds. It discovers both physical and logical components, including virtual machines, servers, storage, databases, applications, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ServiceNow's](https://www.servicenow.com/) Discovery feature finds applications and devices on your network, and then updates the ServiceNow's Configuration Management Database (CMDB) with the information it finds. It discovers both physical and logical components, including virtual machines, servers, storage, databases, applications, and more.
```

Author: Do I have to expand it? As the parent page has it - short and full form ?

Reviewer: It's the first instance of CMDB on this page, so I think it makes sense to expand it.

> Refer [Discovery](https://docs.servicenow.com/bundle/paris-it-operations-management/page/product/discovery/reference/r-discovery.html) page for information on Discovery and its types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to ServiceNow's [Discovery](https://docs.servicenow.com/bundle/paris-it-operations-management/page/product/discovery/reference/r-discovery.html) page for information on Discovery and its types.
```

### Identification and Reconciliation

> Reconciliation is the synchronization of two or more matching database segments to ensure consistency across them.

Reviewer: Lines 156 and 162 could be consolidated into one paragraph.

Author: This sounds good. Thankyou.

> The Identification and Reconciliation rules maintain the integrity of the CMDB by managing duplicate CIs and controlling updates to CIs when multiple data sources are used to create and update CI records. These rules help prevent duplication of CI records, reconcile CI attributes, reclassify CIs, and allow authoritative data sources to update CI records in the CMDB.

Reviewer: This paragraph (line 156) needs to be at the top of this section. It makes the subject of this section more clear.

Author: Actually, I want to say what is reconciliation first and then start explaining other things. Is that not fine Ian?

Reconciliation rules specify which discovery sources can update a table or a set of table attributes, and the precedence order among these discovery sources. You can define these rules at the parent or at the child class level. Without reconciliation rules, discovery sources are overwritten with each other's updates to attribute values.

> The Identification and Reconciliation rules maintain the integrity of the CMDB by managing duplicate CIs and controlling updates to CIs when multiple data sources are used to create and update CI records. These rules help prevent duplication of CI records, reconcile CI attributes, reclassify CIs, and allow authoritative data sources to update CI records in the CMDB.

Reviewer: You might put this paragraph at the top of this section so the user gets an overview of Identification and Reconciliation before they get an explanation of what each does.

Author: sure

> Refer [CMDB Identification and Reconciliation](https://docs.servicenow.com/bundle/quebec-servicenow-platform/page/product/configuration-management/concept/c_CMDBIdentifyandReconcile.html) page for detailed information on these rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to ServiceNow's [CMDB Identification and Reconciliation](https://docs.servicenow.com/bundle/quebec-servicenow-platform/page/product/configuration-management/concept/c_CMDBIdentifyandReconcile.html) page for detailed information on these rules.
```

Author: done

> You can navigate to the reconcile rule section by selecting **CI Class Manager** > **Hierarchy** > **CI Classes** > **Reconciliation Rules** from ServiceNow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create or edit a reconciliation rule, navigate to **CI Class Manager** > **Hierarchy** > **CI Classes** > **Reconciliation Rules** in ServiceNow.
```

Author: Ian - Is this fine? Acc. to MSTP and also I remember Kim stating, we need to call out action first and then followed by the object of the sentence?

Reviewer: I think my suggestion is good, it emphasizes the action of navigating to the Reconciliation Rules .

Reviewer: The other way to write it is just, "Navigate to the reconcile rule section by selecting **CI Class Manager** > **Hierarchy** > **CI Classes** > **Reconciliation Rules** from ServiceNow."

Author: okay

> You can navigate to the reconcile rule section by selecting **CI Class Manager** > **Hierarchy** > **CI Classes** > **Reconciliation Rules** from ServiceNow.

Reviewer: This part with the two images might make more sense in the Integration App page if it will show users how to update/create/delete reconciliation rules

Author: Now, as we have removed the references to create and manage rules, I guess I cant take these images there.

Reviewer: Not sure what you mean, but you can add those images to another page if you want to.

Author: Ian. - first page doesn't talk abt reconcile or identification rules, hence cant take images there..

Reviewer: I was thinking more that the text was starting to read like instructions of how to create or edit rulse and so it should be moved, but this makes sense.

{{< figure src="/images/automate/snow_integration_reconcile.png" alt="Reconciliation Rules">}}

> {{< figure src="/images/automate/snow_integration__reconcile1.png" alt="Create Reconcile Rule">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< figure src="/images/automate/snow_integration_reconcile1.png" alt="Create Reconcile Rule">}}
```

> Refer [Create a CI reconciliation rule](https://docs.servicenow.com/bundle/quebec-servicenow-platform/page/product/configuration-management/task/t_CreateCIReconciliationRule.html) page on how to set a reconciliation rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to ServiceNow's [Create a CI reconciliation rule](https://docs.servicenow.com/bundle/quebec-servicenow-platform/page/product/configuration-management/task/t_CreateCIReconciliationRule.html) page on how to set a reconciliation rule.
```

Author: Actually do we need to tell everywhere on this page - ServiceNow's as we explicitly called out that in intro?

Reviewer: I think it's helpful to users to make it clear that they'll be navigating away from our site before they click on a link.
